d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\LookingForRepos.exe.config
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\LookingForRepos.exe
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\LookingForRepos.pdb
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.dll
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\Octokit.dll
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\Octokit.xml
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.SqlServer.resources.dll
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\de\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\en\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\es\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\fr\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\it\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\ja\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\ko\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Windows.Interactivity.resources.dll
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\obj\Debug\LookingForRepos.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.g.cs
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\obj\Debug\LookingForRepos_Content.g.cs
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\obj\Debug\LookingForRepos_MarkupCompile.cache
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\obj\Debug\LookingForRepos_MarkupCompile.lref
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\obj\Debug\View\MainWindow.baml
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\obj\Debug\LookingForRepos.g.resources
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\obj\Debug\LookingForRepos.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\obj\Debug\LookingForRepos.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\obj\Debug\LookingForRepos.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\obj\Debug\LookingForRepos.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\obj\Debug\LookingForRepos.exe
d:\Users\verkhozin_va\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\LookingForRepos\LookingForRepos\obj\Debug\LookingForRepos.pdb
